Updating list topic (#421)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/list-custom.md

### Layout

So, let's see how we can create an intricate layout for the product List Item above in three simple steps. Once we have dragged in a Custom List Item in an empty Artboard, selected the `Detach from Symbol`, and applied the basic styling available by changing the background color inside the state, we should have something like this for a starting point.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/list_item_custom_layout0.png" srcset="../images/list_item_custom_layout0@2x.png 2x" />

> 1.  First, we have to remove the paragraph and footer. Then we will reuse the Header from the Primary Action Group but resize it to fit in the right half only and update the strings for the Title and Subtitle Text. In the Secondary Action Group, we will add a Raised Button position to it near the bottom right corner, updating its text and resizing accordingly to fit the new value. Lastly, let's remove the default Secondary Action, as we will not be needing Icons for our target custom layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  First, we have to remove the paragraph and footer. Then we will reuse the Header from the Primary Action Group but resize it to fit in the right half only and update the strings for the Title and Subtitle Text. In the Secondary Action Group, we will add a Raised Button, position it near the bottom right corner, updating its text and resize it accordingly to fit the new value. Lastly, let's remove the default Secondary Action, as we will not be needing Icons for our target custom layout.
```

    <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/list_item_custom_layout1.png" srcset="../images/list_item_custom_layout1@2x.png 2x" />

> 2.  Next, we will insert a List/Custom/Blocks/Image Content in the Primary Action Group and add a Badge on top of it within the same group. Now, we have to size the image according to the Item size and select content for it. After modifying the Badge, as well as after updating its Value Text and hiding Elevation, we should have something similar to this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Next, we will insert a List/Custom/Blocks/Image Content in the Primary Action Group and add a Badge on top of it within the same group. Now, we have to size the image according to the Item size and select content for it. After modifying the Badge, updating its Value Text, and setting its Elevation to None, we should have something similar to this.
```
